hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing another study with me with
you this video is very kindly sponsored
by ACCA which is an accountancy
qualification which I'm going to be
talking about a little later so this
morning the first thing I did was go
downstairs and make some tofu scramble
and I just wrapped my book at the same
time as eating this I'm currently
reading the Institute by Stephen King
and I would hugely recommend it it is
amazing
[Music]
when I was back up in my room the first
thing I did was make a to-do list so I
was just using my study planner to do
this
[Music]
and then it was on to the first task of
the day this reading league I am working
on a criticisms glossary we have to
write peace about a particular term that
we've come across so far in our reading
so I'm writing mine on distant reading
which is an alternative method to
reading literature
you've got close reading which is the
predominant method but distant reading
is more scientific it zooms right out
and it looks at a whole genre
[Music]
then the next thing I did was just go
through and plan my glossary so I made a
mine up with all the key things I wanted
to include which was basically things
either factored on in the readings so
the next thing I decided to do here was
some research into work experience which
I could do over the summer and also
online qualifications these are great
things to do whilst Russell at
university because they make you more
employable when you leave education and
it's something I really want to keep on
top of keep in mind I just wanted to
quickly jump in to tell you about
today's sponsor which is ACCA so ACCA is
a really employable accounting
qualification and it's especially useful
if you're thinking about going into
finance or accounting but it can be
really useful in a range of industries
and especially if you decided to start
your own business for example but more
than anything it also shows huge
productivity and employers know that
it's not an easy qualification it's
something that you've got to work for
and so it holds a lot of merits
[Music]
here you can see some clips of my sister
and I filming and I also had a doctor's
appointment this day so that is quite a
big gap as you will see when I next
start working it is dark so the next
thing I needed to do was go through and
read some short stories by Edgar Allan
Poe because we've got an academic
writing piece to do and we basically get
to write an essay about whatever we want
the thing I'm doing here is going
through a Quizlet I recently read this
book which goes through all of these
literary devices really obscure ones
that can be used and I made a quizlets
app for these and I was just learning
them here and then the last thing I did
today was write a short story for a
short story competition so my absolute
dream in life is to be an author and I
think it's important you'd really
proactively put yourself forward for
things okay so thank you so much for
watching this video I love sharing of
filming study with me they're some of my
favorite videos to film again to tell
you a little bit more about ACCA if
you're interested in doing the
qualification the number one thing which
ACCA wants to point out is that ACCA and
the accounting and Finance skills and
knowledge which it offers and helps you
gain are not only useful in the world of
accounting and Finance accountancy
skills are so employable so highly
valued you can use accountancy and so
many jobs I recently learned that
accountants are the ones to actually
count the ballots for the Oscars there
are so many unique cool jobs for the
counter see that you just don't think
about thank you so much for watching
this video thank you again to ACCA for
sponsoring today's video and I hope that
you have a productive
[Music]